# Define resources

The main thing you'll do with Bicep templates is define your Azure resources. Here's an example of what a typical resource definition looks like in Bicep. This example creates a storage account named toylaunchstorage.

        resource storageAccount 'Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts@2021-08-01' = {
        name: 'toylaunchstorage'
        location: 'westus3'
        sku: {
            name: 'Standard_LRS'
        }
        kind: 'StorageV2'
        properties: {
            accessTier: 'Hot'
        }
        }

Let's look closely at some key parts of this resource definition:

- The <b>resource</b> keyword at the start tells Bicep that you're about to define a resource.
- Next, you give the resource a symbolic name. In the example, the resource's symbolic name is <b>storageAccount</b>. Symbolic names are used within Bicep to refer to the resource, but they won't ever show up in Azure.
- Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts@2021-08-01 is the resource type and API version of the resource. Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts tells Bicep that you're declaring an Azure storage account. 2021-08-01 is the version of the Azure Storage API that Bicep will use when it creates the resource.
- You have to declare a resource name, which is the name the storage account will be assigned in Azure. You'll set a resource name using the <b>name</b> keyword.
- You'll then set other details of the resource, such as its location, SKU (pricing tier), and kind. There are also properties you can define that are different for each resource type. Different API versions might introduce different properties, too. In this example, we're setting the storage account's access tier to <b>Hot</b>.

<br>

## What happens when resources depend on each other?

- Bicep template includes several resources. 
- These resources often has dependencies on another resource.
- Here you need to extract some information from one resource to be able to define another.

For example in our case, we have to deploy an App Service app for the template that will help launch the toy product. But to create an App Service app, you first need to create an App Service plan. The App Service plan represents the server-hosting resources, and it's declared like this example:

        resource appServicePlan 'Microsoft.Web/serverFarms@2021-03-01' = {
        name: 'toy-product-launch-plan'
        location: 'westus3'
        sku: {
            name: 'F1'
        }
        }